To run this project
The initial setup of the project was done using “Create React App” (developed by Facebook) using the 

npx create-react-app “appname” 
cd “appname”

command which sets up the development environment and will autogenerate the initial files like index.html, index.css, app.js, index.js etc. required for our react app.

Open the editor, go to the terminal and run the command
npm start

Now, it will run on your localhost:3000 server (where 3000 is the port by default)
Whenever one makes any changes it will be automatically updated on the localhost and the view will be updated.

To build the project run
npm run build

The data was stored in the cloud firestore provided by firebase

To setup a new project on firebase

Create an account on firebase. 

Paste the firebase configuration file contents in your config file.

Setup access rules for your database on firebase console.


To install the firebase cli 
npm install -g firebase-tools

To login into your firebase run
firebase login

To initialize a new firebase project run the command
firebase init

Now select the desired firebase products to setup in your firebase project like hosting, cloud firestore, real-time database etc.
 
Select a default Firebase project

To deploy the project on firebase 
First copy all the contents from the build folder to the dist folder (because the distribution folder will be the one which will be deployed)

Then, run command
firebase deploy

you will get an url where the application is deployed.

I have utilized different node modules in my project for different purposes for example for redux we use the react-redux module to use react redux with firebase we use react-redux-firebase, redux-thunk to delay the dispatch of an action in an asynchronous function. I used external libraries like dompurify for sanitization and validator for validation, moment for date-time formatting, react-geocode and node-geometry-library for rides route mapping, material-ui for using Material UI components, react-router-dom and react-router-hash-link for url linking and routing.
